GA
================================================================================
Implementation of a Genetic Algorithm for scheduling optimization


TO BUILD:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
use one of the following commands:

    1) make
        No optimization, only print the final generation

    2) make debug
        No optimization, enable profiling and valgrind options.
        *** FOR TESTING PURPOSES ONLY ***

    3) make verbose
        Optimized code. Print every generation.

    4) make diversity
        Optimized code. Print every generation with diversity information



TO RUN:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OfflineScheduler.exe [options]

[options]
-a FILE
        Use FILE as library of architectures (please see bellow for formatting 
        restrictions)

-b NAME
        Use the algorithm NAME to perform crossover. Current options are:
            one-point
            two-point

-c DECIMAL_NUM
        Set the crossover rate to DECIMAL_NUM
    
-d FILE
        Use FILE as the DFG file (usually contains a .conf extention)

-g INTEGER
        Run the genetic algorithm for INTEGER generations

-h INTEGER
        Use the (INTEGER)th setup in the prr.conf file. (This only matters when
            using the Online Scheduler (rcSimulator) as the fitness function

-m DECIMAL_NUM
        Set the mutation rate to DECIMAL_NUM

-n NAME 
        Use the algorithm NAME to perform mutation. Current options are:
            random
            rotationally

-p INTEGER
        Set the Population size to INTEGER individuals

-r NAME
        Use the algorithm NAME to perform replacement. Current options are:
            all
            keep_best

-s NAME
        Use the algorithm NAME to perform selection. Current options are:
            random
            tournament

-t INTEGER
        Seed the random number generator with INTEGER

-v 
        Print out the development version and build of the GA

-w DECIMAL_NUM
        Set the weighting of the schedule's runtime in the fitness function
        (The power weight is automatically calculated to be (1.0 - runtime weight) )


- These arguments are all optional and can be entered in any order.



DEFAULT VALUES:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Run Parameters
- Scheduler = Offline Scheduler (Napoleon)
- Fitness function = 87.5% runtime + 12.5% power

- Architecture Library file = input/arch_library.conf
- DFG file = input/B1_10_5.conf
- PRR file = input/prr.conf

- Crossover rate = 0.85
- Crossover Algorithm = two point crossover
- Mutation rate = 0.005
- Mutation Algorithm = rotational mutation

- Population size = the number of tasks in the population
- Number of Generations = 150

- Selection Algorithm = Tournament selection
- Replacement Algorithm = Replace All

- Seed = current system time
- Seeded individuals = 25%

- Unique Phenotype tolerance = 0
- Default setup index = 2
(please see config.h for more information)

Program Output
- Error messages are currently being printed to stderr
- All other program output is printed to stdout



CONSTRAINTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The DFG should be generated by Ahmed's taskGenerator
  
The Crossover rate should be a decimal number between 0 and 1
The Mutation rate should be a decimal number between 0 and 1

The Population size should be a number between 2 and 10000
The number of generations should be greater than 1


** TO BE FIXED **
The percentage of individuals that are seeded in each generation is a number
that is fixed in config.h. In order to change the percentage of individuals
that are random, you must manually change the value in config.h. 
(no command line arguments exist at the moment)
- This values is currently set to 75% random (= 25% of population is seeded)

Unique Phenotype tolerance (AKA MAX_PHENOTYPE_DEVIATION) and DEFAULT_SETUP_INDEX
also share the same manual configuration limitations. 



ARCHITECTURE, DFG, AND PRR FILE FORMATS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please see https://github.com/Ratchette/CommonParser for more details